search-ms:displayname=Search%20Results%20in%20%5C%5C10.10.10.9%5CEVO8701TB.TRIPLE_dataset&crumb=location:%5C%5C10.10.10.9%5CEVO8701TB.TRIPLE_dataset\SolveIt_migration_Compiles


You must plan a modern  build of this project.
Use %comspec% /k "C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\18\Enterprise\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat"
to create the correct project environment.
Also, Build a 'Release' target , with 'Debug' if possible.
Read and understand all the files in this folder, and in sub-folders,
and correctly identify which files comprise the source code and auxiliary
files of the SolveIt project, and which may be ignored.

This project seems to have 'missing' files and libraries,
which are not missing, but are mis-located.
Find all 'missing' files and libraries and copy them to
appropriate target locations, that you create (or modify).


You MUST perform a detailed, line-by-line, low level scan of each file.
Read and understand all of the files in this folder, and in sub-folders.
You must understand precisely and correctly all of the content of what you are reading.
Refactor code to ensure safety ; refactor code to bring it up to modern
standards, using unicode.
Remember to build the Release target of this project,
and include 'Debug' information, if possible.
Make backups of all the files that you modify and/or create.
You MUST be able to undo any and all errors that you introduce.
ALL of its functionality is preserved (DO NOT BREAK ANYTHING), and extended,
by your refactored code.

Test your code for correctness and efficiency.

Document your solution so that an ignorant USER,
who is a gifted high school student, can clearly understand your logic,
and explain it to other students.
Be precise and explicit; explain your steps, and explain to the ignorant user
how to use your solution to get work done correctly.
Create both a markdown documention file named 'README.md'
and a latex documention file  named 'README.tex' that
you compile to 'README.pdf'.
Verify and test your solution.
Create interesting examples, which you document
Document your work and tests so that an ignorant USER,
who is a gifted high school student, can clearly understand your logic,
and explain it to other students.
Create both a markdown documention file and a latex documention file that
you compile to pdf.

If necessary you may download and build modern versions of gmp, mpfr, opencv, and or
any other safe and tested libs that you require.
Remember to
make backups of all the files that you modify and/or create.
You MUST be able to undo any and all errors that you introduce.
 Document your solution!

In 2006 this project compiled and linked WITHOUT ERROR.
Remember, Your task is to refactor its code to bring it up to modern
standards, using unicode.
Remember to build the Release target of this project.
Do not remove files from this project because of 'errors'.
Fix the errors. Remember, in 2006 this project compiled and linked WITHOUT ERROR.


DO NOT create missing files! why would you do this??? Search the folder named 'missing' and all sub-folders for missing files, and copy to ./src if found, AS YOU WERE ALREADY INSTRUCTED TO DO! If you cannot find a file then ask me to find it. DESTROY all files that you mindlessly created! Are you  trying to break this build? 

